c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\App.Droid.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\App.Droid.pdb
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\App.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\App.pdb
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\App.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\App.Droid.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\App.Droid.pdb
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\R.cs.flag
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\MalditaMicro.MalditaMicro.apk
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\MalditaMicro.MalditaMicro-Signed.apk
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\android\bin\MalditaMicro.MalditaMicro.apk
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_maps_directions_bus.png
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_maps_directions_bus.png
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_maps_directions_bus.png
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_maps_directions_bus.png
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_maps_directions_bus.png
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\obj\Release\App.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App.Droid\bin\Release\App.Droid.dll.mdb
