c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\App.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\App.pdb
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.dll
c:\users\brunoservulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.pdb
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\BrunoServulo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\obj\Release\App.dll.mdb
C:\Users\brunoservulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MalditaMicro\App\App\bin\Release\App.dll.mdb
